the American riders will give a show of speed and tomorrow in Curitiba
1st beach festival of supervelozes car station who reached 500
kilometers per hour, she tells us that it is accurate in cities to show
I know what
the difference is greater than revealed age
the bright vivid color chart that she
instead of horses
the end if issued on horses and the result is clear in quarter of a mile
distance that also originates in horse races
in this type of competition wins who go through the quarter of a mile that are 4
in the shortest time
which in the United States became a passion involving six thousand cowboy users
gasoline
the fastest
six thousand horses are able to travel
I crossed 6 5
and reach 500 kilometers
yesterday there was acceleration of these cars is so great that it is possible to do
a strange comparison
the image of a Formula-1 car entering the straight 200 kilometers by
hour hit a tractor dropping at the same time
at the end of 400 meters
Another tip is to get ahead
but still has the call of Jessica
what a car face
and heart of airplane
he is moved by a cloak
of the f5 fighter
reaches
horses and is the main attraction of the race
the emotion
is stored for tomorrow at 9:30